Add Logit access documentation (#121)
DFE-Digital/find-a-lost-trn: docs/ops-manual.md

```bash
$ tail -f /app/log/production.log
```

## Logit

> You can raise a request to #digital-tools-support on Slack filling the Digital Tools Request [Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe8pAACWb8FUH0qXpUsoUoa6w1GuRvSNour-lHliGPaJ7u73A/viewform) to be added to Teaching Regulation Agency (TRA) stack. Follow **Logit** section of [this](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1A6TMWkFYc_q2IQLh5KhRSPOr91e_l9lxI_tFtZ8tdxc/edit#heading=h.8atf3at2he6o)document to help you fill the form. You can signin once your email is added to the Logit stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can raise a request to #digital-tools-support on Slack filling the [Digital Tools Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe8pAACWb8FUH0qXpUsoUoa6w1GuRvSNour-lHliGPaJ7u73A/viewform) to be added to Teaching Regulation Agency (TRA) stack. Follow the **Logit** section of [the TRA resources Google document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1A6TMWkFYc_q2IQLh5KhRSPOr91e_l9lxI_tFtZ8tdxc/edit#heading=h.8atf3at2he6o) to help you fill the form. You can sign in once your email is added to the Logit stack.
```
